Bug: Keyboard would print incorrect characters, duplicates, double spacing. 
Solution: Added checks to see that a character would only be printed if a button was pressed and not de-pressed.
By: Rishov in 2 minutes

Bug: Keyboard would print an endless string 
Solution: Added a buffer which also stores the string typed to be used for later. 
By: Rishov in 2 minutes

Bug: If we added code we would not be able to access the filesystem properly.
Solution: The filesystem location was hard coded, instead of being set by mos->start
By: Group in 2 days

Bug: Keyboard buffer would erase past buffer length, going to the previous line.
Solution: Created a check so that if buffer index is 0, do not erase.
By: Rishov in 5 minutes

Bug: Interrupts would not be sent to the proper locaitons when sending eoi.
Solution: Were not sending interrupt to both slave and master.
By: Group in 2 hours

Bug: Would page fault when filling the keyboard buffer and pressing enter
Solution: No check when getting args for arguments greater than 33 characters.
By: Jon in 5 minutes

Bug: File read page faults when reading files larger than one page (4KB)
Solution: off by 1 error in selecting data block index (index out of bounds)
By: Bill in 1 hour

Bug: Syscall assembly error handling does not work
Solution: used jg instead of jge in linkage
By: Bill in 1 hour

Bug: Were not able to halt properly.
Solution: Corrected label for 4MB. Were originally setting 4MB to 4KB.
By: Group in 40 hours

Bug: Were not able to recieve keyboard interrupts after switching terminals/accessing rtc.
Solution: Were not sending eoi after exiting from the keyboard handler.
By: Janarth in 3 hours

Bug: Would print null characters in a file.
Solution: Created new putc function to ignore null characters.
By: Janarth in 2 hours

Bug: Would not print newline after execution of Hello program
Solution: Forgot to add a check for newline and end of file, so added that in read.
By: Rishov in 2 hours

Bug: Screen would become disoriented upon reaching the last row of the terminal.
Solution: Was not peroperly setting up scrolling. Would only copy certain values on the screen and would shift them a little bit right. Would also clear the screen and start bugger from botting of screen and not top.
By: Rishov in 2 days
